Here, the 3rd Central Cooperation Conference will be held.
I would like to greet you.
Since the beginning of the Great East Japan War,
we have been in a large area for a month.
We have been testing the great achievements of the Japanese Army.
We would like to express our gratitude to the soldiers of the Imperial Army.
We would like to express our gratitude and gratitude to the soldiers of the Imperial Army.
However, in the face of this glorious war,
we have been through all difficulties and have been able to achieve our goals.
We have been able to achieve our goals.
I am grateful for the great efforts of the Japanese Army.